 Sir a question for you how old were you? Real quick real quick how old I'm going all over Hong Kong any between the richest people I've done all over Okay, how old were you when you became a millionaire? It's an interesting question cuz I'm a You're what I'm not a millionaire. I'm a billionaire your billionaire. Yes Sir is this your McLaren? Yeah, how did you get rich man? I go all over the world any big billionaires and that's what people I have our own You started the company. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the founder. What's the company worth today around? $100 million so what was the most amount of money you made in a single year? Oh? I don't know probably a hundred million pounds hundred million pounds. Yeah 80 million a year. Yeah, are you serious? Yes. I mean we've done hundreds of millions dollars in one year. Yeah, I'm a high school job I'll yeah, I'm a high school job. Do you have people that doubted you when you started your business? Are you kidding me everyone almost 99% it's out me. There's a young 20 year old Washington's right now They want to make a hundred million dollars a hundred million pounds in today's world give them the blueprint right here Wow I just flew across the world over 20 hours to land in one of the richest cities on the planet This is Hong Kong a city where more billionaires live per square mile than almost any city on earth But today I'm not here for the views I'm here to interview the millionaires and the billionaires who actually built this city These are the people who move billions of dollars They built empires and octbury at a level that most people will never see so today I'm gonna be asking the people of Hong Kong how they got rich how they made there not just millions of billions of dollars out here You guys so stay tuned from start to finish because this video is about to be insane without being said Let's get this video on the way I Excuse me sir, do you speak English do you speak English? Sorry, I'm in hurry so real quick. I grew a channel to 18 million followers. I interview successful people for the year All right, my man. Thank you Is this your G-Bagging are you an entrepreneur? Are you a business owner? Okay, no worries man. Have a good one You what? Yeah, I was gonna try to interview you guys rose voice come on Good to see you man. Nice to meet you. Excuse me sir. Is this your rose voice? Sir real quick Sir how old were you when you became a millionaire? Real quick sir, I'm from the United States. I grew channel to 18 million followers just interviewing successful business I gotta finish this off. I'll talk to you in five minutes. All right, brother appreciate you All right you guys as you can see look man These people are not willing to stop and talk let alone get an interview is gonna be nearly impossible right now You guys look all we're gonna do is keep on going look we're in Hong Kong right now I'm all the way across the world from where I live I don't know if it means in the States, so I have no idea what we're gonna be getting into today We're not gonna stop until I find some billionaires out here and one of the financial capital Yes Yeah, it's all good. Well, are you from Hong Kong? Yeah, what is it that you do for work? I work in the well family business What do you do? What do you guys do? We are a Christmas almond manufacturer. Are you serious? Yeah? Are you one of the biggest in China? Yeah, the biggest actually yeah, but I'm too shy. Yes, no one question I came all the way from Texas to interview people out here. I wanted to ask you How did your family get into the business? We've been doing it for 50 60 years actually Yeah, you run the company today. I run the company today, so let me ask you this What are you doing to grow the business right now? Well right now you have to diversify and you have to pivot and you know keep on moving So do you own like different verticals like you own the manufacturing? Yeah, we're a vertically integrated company So we own the entire supply chain explain that what are the different verticals that you want me on this one? What are the different verticals that you want? We import raw materials by the raw materials we blow injection mold We have a lot of different types of production lines all vertically integrated and we pack it We distribute it we ship it to America or ship it to the UK or Europe and then our customers They sell it in their retail stores have the tariffs had a big impact on your business. Oh, yeah huge I love and uncertainty and has created a lot of like ups and downs So they went up to 145 and then went back down to 30 my category was at 0% tariff and now it's at 30% tariff A lot of customers don't feel very certain about the future. What's the most amount of money the business is generated? I mean we've done hundreds of millions dollars in one year. Yeah, I appreciate you in your time And that was awesome. And why are there so many successful entrepreneurs in Hong Kong? 20 30 years ago, Hong Kong was the gateway to China and in the 80s and 90s a lot of people from Hong Kong open factories in China Because at that time China was a fishing village They opened the economy up and then after that they are hundreds of thousands of people came in migrant workers to find jobs Hong Kong has over the last 30 years 50 years has just been an economic trading hub. You got great advice man Thank you so much for your time and I appreciate you Where would you say what I find the wealthiest entrepreneurs in Hong Kong? Is this a good place to be? It's a good place to be you can go to the Rosewood all our young entrepreneurs. They'll be around this area for sure Awesome. Great to meet you man. What was your name? Charlie James. Thank you for your time and I appreciate you Is he in the back? Is he stopping? Yeah, should I break the ice with him? Okay, now I know He's coming? I'm gonna eat your food I just wonder why you keep interviewing our guest sir Yes sir, so I have one of the biggest business social media channels So I have this channel right here right interview a lot of Inform our PR team I can talk to them. Do you know where they are? So I don't really know what they suggest you okay. We'll just talk to them You can call that damn only day Not with them. So over there. No worries. Thank you. Alright you guys So as you can see that did not last long right? We just got kicked out of filming from the Four Seasons Hotel But while we were at it we at least got one and we interviewed the owner of one of the largest Christmas ornament manufacturers in the entire world What did he say the secret to success to making hundreds of millions of dollars a year was is they had a vertically integrated business That's where the money is but while we're at it We're gonna go find the next spot to go find the ultra rich out here in Hong Kong you guys come on Alright you guys so we just got to our next destination out here in Hong Kong right here at the Peninsula Hotel There's as you can see a fleet of rolls voices Bentley trucks Lamborghinis coming in and out of the valley right so we're gonna be going up to these People coming in and out of these cars right this is where some of the wealthiest people not only come here to stay but live out here in Hong Kong you guys so let's go see who we can walk up to and find come on Excuse me sir. Is this your Lamborghini? How did you get a Lamborghini man? What did you do to become wealthy sir? I like any of you for a minute. I I go to the 18 All right, man. Have a good one Sir is this your McLaren? Yeah, how does mine? How did you get rich man? I go all over the world anybody billionaires and successful people. What did you do for a living? I rather not say I'm from the States. I've interviewed 32 billionaires in the last four years right on their advice to the younger generation I've been like Mark Cuban Chiquilonio. I may ask you this. What types of businesses did you work? I? Have a few I have trading I have a law firm. What made you want to become an entrepreneur a lot of people They don't want to take that risk and do their own thing my family was really poor So my dad grew up really poor he did he made it out himself and he always told me that if he made himself I will find my own way you ended up making it yourself. Yeah, I never got any help from my family But they don't know what's the name of that car right there? Pagani, but how much did that cost how much was that 2.5 million pounds and you bought it cash? Yeah, both of them. Yeah, so what was the most amount of money you made in a single year? Oh I don't know probably a hundred million pounds a hundred million pounds. Yeah, how was that possible? What business was that primarily is that the law firm? What what trade trading everything we do global markets So yeah, so do you own your own brokerage your own exchange or what? No, no, no, we do IPOs and everything you take companies public Yeah, yeah, yeah Well, everyone wants to bring the company to public right so we bring them over we do all the things for them We take the parts and then we partner up with everyone Businesses should go public in today's world or is there a risk there as well when you take in all those different investors like sorry sorry Sorry Hey, hey, sometimes you got to do business mid interview. It happens one more. What's up? How do you know? I'm 31 31 Yeah, there's a young 20 year old watching this right now They want to make a hundred million dollars a hundred million pounds in today's world give them the blueprint right here well 60s give them the blueprint everyone has their own way out. There's no way you can copy me There's no way I can copy you so everyone's different. I just enough from competition. It's competitive in the businesses that you're in No, no, I mean my my mark is really niche. We only have a few people in the business So the riches are in the niches definitely And did you come upon that niche of anything you could have done? I mean, I have a double degree in economics and law Smart to street smart street definitely street books won't bring you anywhere right if you're only book smart then no matter how good you are I don't care where you graduated from or anyway, you might be working for me anyway So that's why they say see students from the world. Yeah, I mean, I never asked anyone who works for me I never required them to have any specific educational wise. I don't require them about you look for me I need them to be smart. What do you look for that tells you somebody's gonna be successful? What's the one trait you see the most successful people street smart definitely? How did you get your street smart? I really don't know how to tell you but I'm just like you and I your street smart You guys are all street smart. I can tell it's born right? It's born with it inside It's definitely born with it. I mean you cannot pretend for it. It doesn't work that way Give me your best negotiation tactic for anybody in business Wow, always know what you're worth and then keep that in your mind So you weren't afraid to walk away if somebody didn't come. Yeah, definitely definitely Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. What was your name man Bobby Bobby means a lot man I actually saw you guys on Instagram. Yeah Yeah, follow you guys those common mistakes you see people make I gotta go. Hey, have a good one man Thank you for your time, bro. Have a good one man. Hey, so we got my guy pulled up in the McLaren I guess there was a Pagani behind it that turns out he actually owns both of them like he said But he made a hundred million dollars in a year band I'm glad we ran out to that man in Hong Kong man like he said book smarts don't mean anything if you don't have the street smart That's how you make it in business great if you're out here in Hong Kong and let's keep this thing going come on All right, you guys we got a band pulled up to the valley right now Excuse me, sir sir a question for you. How old were you? Real quick real quick how old Real quick real quick I'm going all over Hong Kong any of you the richest people a woman it real quick Okay, how old were you when you became a millionaire? It's an interesting question cuz I'm Your what I'm not a millionaire. I'm a billionaire. You're a billionaire. Yes. How old are you? I'm 34 So what did you become a billionaire 25? I would say 25 Build one of the largest the blockchain in the world. Are you serious? Yes I interviewed off to the side real quick for one minute. Okay. Is that okay? Yeah Yeah, you have people that doubted you early on of course like everybody around me don't know what I'm doing Exactly. Can you tell me a crazy business story? Yes, of course. So I have lunch with Warren Buffet Yes, yeah, then 20. How did you get a lunch with Warren Buffett 4.5 million dollars? So you paid 4.5 million? Yes. Yes. Yes. It wasn't worth it. Yes. It's totally was what did Warren Buffett Teach when that lunch he said be careful with the one you marry you need to make this decision like really hard Yes, and I tell him to invest Tesla and Bitcoin. Do you earn a lot of Bitcoin? Yes My personal they have a lot. Why are you telling Warren Buffett to invest in Bitcoin? The reason it is because Tesla and Bitcoin is building something new so never ever exist on earth before So that's very important because in the capital markets We always give premium to new companies to new innovations rather than you know keep Manufacturing the things we have been manufacturing for thousands of years So that's why I tell Warren Buffett Tesla Bitcoin is definitely the best and also the reason Warren Buffett told me not to hold Bitcoin is the reason I invested Bitcoin crypto and the blockchain is the money for the internet Basically AI and internet won't understand the traditional finance They won't understand the dollar, you know, we invented Basically a hundred years ago now they will understand Bitcoin and the old the cryptocurrency because it's created by the machine language And the created by computers so better getting that you think the US dollars gonna collapse I think US dollars eventually gonna be used by people in a digital way But it won't be that dominated because US dollar is invented by human not machine So if you want to get into crypto the best time is now growing up Did you have any idea that you were gonna become a billionaire for myself? I think 100% but for the people knowing me. I think they have no idea Did you have people that doubted you everybody? Yes among yourself and all of the billionaires that you've met. What is that one trait that they all have in common? Yeah, I think for the one thing all the billionaire all share for me is they all have their own business So you can't get rich working for somebody else exactly what's your name? Justin stop Justin if me and you died tomorrow And you had one more message to leave with the younger generation. What would that be by Bitcoin? By Bitcoin it's gonna become the future currency. You got amazing advice. Thank you. Thank you so much for your time And thank you just I have to ask you. Yeah, I connect with all the billionaires out here. Can I get your contact? Yeah? Yeah, guys, I just interviewed one of the richest men in Hong Kong We're headed right now to go get our next interview But I need you to stop and listen to me very carefully right now Look, I built a multi-million dollar business by the age of 23 for one reason only and it wasn't luck It wasn't some degree that I had it was because of access I had access to all of the millionaires and billionaires that you see me interview on this channel I got mentored by these entrepreneurs that I interview every single week and because of that I built a business that is now making over a million dollars a month now. Here's the craziest part look in 2026 I'm doing something that I've never done before I'm opening that network up to you see one year ago I launched and built what has now become the most powerful Entrepreneur community and networked in the entire world and I'm not kidding inside this community that I built you get direct access To all the entrepreneurs that you see me interview the multi-millionaires the eight and nine figure operators the billionaires every single week I host live calls with these people now on these calls. You don't just watch these people No, no, no, you get literal live access to them Were you asked them your questions and they give you real answers about business how to scale these companies that you start how to Invest and make your money work for you real billionaire secrets This is the exact environment that changed my life that made me a millionaire and now I'm giving you access to it So let me be clear in 2026 if you want access to the greatest Entrepreneur community and network in the world waste no more time All you have to do is go down and click the link in the description of this video to join the number one Entrepreneur community in the world and I'll see you on the inside. That being said, let's go get this next interview Excuse me, ma'am. Ma'am question for you. How old were you when you became a millionaire around my my late 20s How did you get rich out here in Hong Kong? I have our own haircare branch. You started the company. Yeah Yeah, I'm the founder. How long have you been a business owner 20 years? And what's the company worth today around a million dollar? So you built a hundred million dollar company. Yeah with my team not myself. How do you now 40 something your 40s? What all over Hong Kong interviewing the richest people can I get one minute with you for the channel after this out? Just a minute for the younger generation. Yeah, sure who am I here with today? I'm Marvin Lin founder of OMG haircare branch. You're a business owner. Yeah business owner stylist. I'm a high school job out Yeah, I'm a high school job. Yeah, I'm a high school job. I was teenage. I start my own path Why did you decide to drop out? Yes, I really want I really know what I wanted to do. I'm not a very good in study I'm a kind of a bit ADHD, but I don't want to waste my time and my energy time is our Exit that's why I just dropped out and leave my home What was the single biggest thing that it took to build out a hundred million dollar company? Get some investors some people they have technology. They have money all people have different know-how work together Instead only by yourself if you work by yourself you can fast but work with a great team You can be far and deep. Did you have people that doubted you when you started your business? Oh, even my every one almost 99% it's out me. Why did you believe in yourself? You are the only one who can believe yourself or make yourself fail if you don't believe yourself Who can believe you why people believe in you? You are the only one who really know what you want before you do it if you really believe in yourself make it real What is the best piece of advice that you got throughout your career? Don't be afraid of failure I fell many thousand times every time I fell I learned next time I fell I felt better and then stand up and fell again and Felt better and then one day someone will tell you you're a bro. You are now the champion. Oh really? Thank you You found a product that was able to generate tons of money and it was super successful How did you find a winning product? What was your formula for finding the product that you knew was going to be successful? You need to be precise you need to be critical not someone tell you this good and you think this good You need to think oh this is good. Can we make it something better? Because some of our clients are the Olympic gold metal athlete award-winning movie director or movie actor They are all precise. They want something better. Can we do better? Can we have something better? But you need to learn you need to be fast you need to absorb and you need to critical Then you will make something better than before I always like to ask people that if mean you died tomorrow and you had one more message to leave the younger generation What would that be stay kind no matter how worse situation you think you are now? It's your moment to shine stay kind people like to people and stand up tall even you die You don't regret you ever do regrets me. I miss my father. He passed away. I'm sorry for your loss What did you learn from your dad talking his chip work on it? You will find fail once we fail You know what it's not good for you and then you learn from it And then you go again and do again the thing you can rest but don't stop you have amazing advice. Thank you Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate that. Yeah, thank you so much. You're very inspiring as you too Thank you, please share share to more people the kids they need you We walked up to the lady in between the car right before she was about to take off And she built a hundred million dollar company after dropping out of high school And if there's one thing that I know especially in the culture out here in Hong Kong that does not happen Okay, they take school very seriously out here you guys, but she took the ultimate bet on herself She built a hundred million dollar business and just gave us some great advice great And we're out here in Hong Kong. We got to keep the sequel and go get another one you guys come on Awesome. Excuse me, sir How did you get rich? Just Can I interview for 30 seconds up here? I grew a channel to 18 million followers. I'm from the States. I interviewed business owners. Yeah, let's do it Hey, look at that right there a closed mouth does not get fed. Come on. Let's get him Let's go. You said during the construction business. What are you building? We are main contractor in Hong Kong and actually I'm an engineer How did you get into this business? High yeah, we just pull up right over here right up to the side. Let's go right up here It's someone the biggest contract is so how did you get into construction because my father is a Register structure engineer. He bring me in this kind of industry. Are you from Hong Kong? Yeah, I'm Hong Kong. Yeah, right you are Yeah, I'm Hong Kong. What's the best year you've had 80 millions 80 million a year. Yeah, are you serious? Yes What is the best piece of advice that you ever received throughout your career? I just follow the pattern because many of my friends Ordered at me and then I just follow the pattern some of the guys They are older than me and then they are too very well in their business industry So I just follow what they have do so find successful people and go study and do exactly yes exactly Yes, did you have to sacrifice a lot to build an 80 million? Of course one day you have 24 hours and then you think every day and night you need to think how to get business How to get more job how to do it better every moment you need to think of your business What did you have to sacrifice time every day? I will go to my office. No matter it's holiday I need to go back to office and read some of the Documents did you have any challenges as a business owner? Of course What's the biggest challenge you had to overcome the biggest challenge you face the cost that cost of what the cost in? Hong Kong is very high of materials Salaries of your colleagues to the people stuff. Yeah, your stuff is very high. How did you overcome that challenge? You need to keep money running in your bank account Maintain the flow and how old are you? Oh, I'm nearly for the age 38. Yeah, nearly for the age Yeah, she is my last question If me and you died tomorrow and you had one more message to leave with the younger generation What would that be keep fighting keep going and then do what you want to do? Thank you so much for your time And I really appreciate that that's about what it is video guys We just filmed in Hong Kong with the millionaires and billionaires of this city So why did you guys to stop right now? Look like and subscribe for amazing content because guys every week look I'm not just going around the states I'm going around the world to bring you guys the biggest business owners the billionaires that make up this entire planet you guys So go ahead and subscribe and do yourself an even bigger favor guys go down to the link in the description of this video because you can get Access to enjoying the number one entrepreneur community and network in the entire world where you get direct access to the billionaires and the millionaires that I interview you get to hop on live calls every single week with the people I interview on this channel and you ask them your questions on how to build Well and scale businesses in today's world so I can't wait to see you on the inside but that being said I'll see you in the next video