In this video, I'll be showing you five of the best mobility exercises to fix majority of your problems. We'll be covering the areas that most people struggle with like stiff hips, tight shoulders, and much, much more. So, let's get started with one of the most common problem areas, the hamstrings. When your hamstrings are tight, everything else starts to suffer. Your glutes tighten up, your calves get stiff, and even your lower back can start to ache. But, here's the problem. Most people try to fix hamstring tightness the wrong [music] way. You see, the sciatic nerve, which runs from your lower back down your leg, often becomes restricted from all the sitting that we do. This then can create tension that feels like hamstring tightness, but in reality isn't. So, instead, what works far better and almost instantly for most people is gently releasing the sciatic nerve first using nerve glides. So, to do so, simply lie down and hook your hands around your leg. Then, slowly extend until you feel a light stretch in the hamstring. Pause for a second, come back down, and repeat. What this does is gently floss the nerve back and forth, which research shows can be very effective for improving hamstring flexibility. So, go back and forth for about 1 to 2 minutes, and for most people, this alone will make a noticeable difference in easing hamstring stiffness. So, once your hamstrings are moving better, the next area that we'll target is tight hips, specifically tight hip flexors. Now, this matters because your hips are at the center of almost everything you do, from supporting your lower back to helping your knees track properly, improving limited hip mobility is one of the best things you can do for your entire body. And one of my go-to movements for this is the deep squat. So, set your feet slightly wider than hip width and drop down as low as you can go. Now, if this feels difficult, don't worry, just hold on to something for balance or even use your hands for support. From here, just exist in the position, shift side to side, move around, let your hips explore. So, when done right, you should feel your hips opening up, ankle mobility increase, and your lower back lengthening all at once. I'd recommend spending about 30 seconds here and repeating it for two to three sets. So, next, we'll look at one of the most common causes of a tight, restricted lower back. You see, when we sit a lot, our hip flexors, especially deeper muscles like the psoas, are constantly in a shortened position. Over time, this makes them tight, which if not fixed, can start to pull your pelvis forward, leading to stiffness, discomfort, and in more severe cases, actual back pain. Now, the best way to fix this issue is with the couch stretch. Simply get into a lunge position with your back knee elevated against a couch or wall. From here, slowly bring your torso upright. Now, if you're really tight and already feel a strong stretch through the front of your hip and thigh, stay here. But, if you don't, you can gently push your hips backwards to increase the intensity. So, try to stay relaxed, breathe into the position, and let the stretch gradually open things up. A good place to start is with 1 to 2 minutes per leg, depending on how tight you feel. So, next, we'll move on to one of the most annoying body parts when tight, the shoulders and neck. When this area isn't moving well, usually because of overactive traps, a stiff upper back, or poor ergonomics when working, it's common for your shoulders and neck to take all that stress. When that happens, not only do your neck and shoulders tense up, but if bad enough, it can even lead to tension headaches. So, to make sure those shoulder and upper back muscles don't get tight and restricted, something I've found works really well is stick overhead rotations. So, grab a stick, towel, or even a resistance band will work. Then, grip slightly wider than shoulder width and slowly raise your arms up and over your head. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Go as far as you comfortably can, then bring it back to the start. As you do this, you'll feel your chest and shoulders opening up, which is one of the most common causes of neck tension. Now, as the movement gets easier, you can gradually bring your hands closer together to increase the challenge. And honestly, just keep going for as long as you need to until things start loosening up. In my experience, that's usually 1 to 2 minutes. For the final movement, we'll hit one of the most overlooked body parts in the entire body. Tight adductors can limit your squat, restrict your hips, and even contribute to groin or lower back discomfort. Now, there are a couple ways to release this area, but the one I've found works best is the Cossack squat. So, start in a wide stance, and if needed, place your hands on your thighs for support. From there, gently begin shifting side to side, easing into the movement. As your body starts opening up, you can slowly begin to sink deeper into each side. When doing so, you'll feel a stretch along the inner thigh of the straight leg. Now, depending on how tight you are, you might just stay here in a higher position, and that's totally fine. But, if you want extra challenge, try to sink as low as you comfortably can. And if you want to take this a step further, you can also add a slight rotation of the foot at the very end to target your hamstrings as well. But, start where you feel a clear stretch, not something overwhelming. Then, aim for around five controlled reps per side for two sets. So, that's it. If you do this consistently, even just a few minutes daily, you'll start to feel looser and honestly, just move through your life better. So, thanks for watching as always, and I'll see you in the next one. Take care.