Itsukushima Shrine. See the great torii appear to float at high tide. Motonosumi Shrine. Walk through 123 red torii descending to the cliffs. Udo Jingu. Throw an undama lucky stone at the seaside cave shrine. Hokkaido Jingu. Walk the snowy avenue and pray to Hokkaido's guardian deities. Kamikawa Shrine. Look for Ezo squirrels in the sacred forest. Deyama Shrine. Find heart-shaped motifs at the hilltop shrine. Okumin Shrine. See the Soya Coast of Japan's northernmost shrines. Takayama Inari Shrine. Look down on a dragon-like chain of red torii. Kabushima Shrine. Climb the island shrine beneath swirling black-tailed gulls. Pass the majestic gate beneath Mount Iwaki. Morioka Hachimangu. See the vividly colored hall and giant zodiac emu. Kinkasan Koganeyama Shrine. Sail to a money-luck shrine on a deer island. Shiogama Jinja. Climb 202 stone steps to the guardian of the sea. Osaki Hachimangu. See black lacquer and gold Momoyama architecture. Kumano Taisha Yamagata. Find the three rabbit carvings and pray for love. Yusuji Jinja. See Yusuji Kenshin's pine and dragon banners. Isosumi Shrine. Visit Ezo's grand guardian beneath the sacred cherry tree. Oarai Isosaki Shrine. Watch sunrise through the torii on wave-battered rocks. Sakatsura Isosaki Shrine. Walk through a 300-year-old tunnel of twisted trees. Nikko Toshogu. See Yomeimon Gate and the three wise monkeys. Nikko Futarasan Shrine. See the sacred red bridge and matchmaking trees. Akagi Shrine. Cross the red bridge over Lake Onuma. Haruna Shrine. Climb a sacred path among strange rocks and waterfalls. Myogi Shrine. See the ornate gate beneath jagged Mount Myogi. Mitsumine Shrine. Meet wolf guardians above a sea of clouds. Hodosan Shrine, see vivid carvings and pray for protection from fire. Washinomiya Shrine, see anime Emma at one of Kanto's oldest shrines. Katori Jingu, see the black lacquer hall and vermilion gate. Tamasaki Shrine, visit the eastern end of Japan's legendary ley line. Meiji Jingu, walk under a giant wooden torii in a forest downtown. Hie Shrine, see a red torii tunnel and monkey guardians. Mizu Shrine, walk through azaleas and Otomeinari torii. Kuwana Shrine, wash coins at Tokyo's luck-giving Benzaiten Shrine. Akagi Shrine Kagurazaka, see Kengo Kuma's glass-fronted modern shrine. Kanda Myojin, see the vermilion gate and buy an IT amulet. Tomioka Hachimangu, see one of Japan's largest golden mikoshi. Akusho Shrine Tokyo, pray for healthy teeth at the toothbrush memorial. Zeniarai Benten Uga Fukujin Shrine, wash money in sacred cave water. Tsurugaoka Hachimangu, look down Kamakura's grand avenue from the stone stairs. Enoshima Shrine, visit three island shrines dedicated to Benzaiten. Hakone Shrine, see the torii of peace standing in Lake Ashi. Kuzuryu Shrine Hongu, drink sacred dragon water in the lakeside forest. Samukawa Jinja, pray for protection from every direction. Arakura Fuji Sengen Shrine, see Mount Fuji beyond the five-story pagoda. Kitaguchi Hongu Fuji Sengen Shrine, walk beneath giant cedars and a monumental wooden torii. Misogi Shrine, see an old stage appearing to float over sacred water. Suwa Taisha Kamisha Honmiya, see the giant Onbashira pillars and unique gate. Togakushi Shrine Okusha, walk the avenue of 400-year-old cedars. Yahiko Shrine, walk from the giant torii into a silent cedar forest. Oyama Shrine Mine Honsha. Pray at the 3,003 m summit of Mount Tateyama. Heizenji Hakusan Shrine. Walk through a shrine carpeted in luminous moss. Shirayama Hime Shrine. Walk the sacred approach beside clear mountain water. Oyama Afuri Shrine. Look over Sagami Bay from the mountainside shrine. Mishima Taisha. See the sacred fragrant olive and detailed carvings. Kinomiya Shrine. Circle a camphor tree over 2,000 years old. Fujisan Hongu Sengen Taisha. See Mount Fuji beyond the red gate and Wakutama Pond. Kunozan Toshogu. Climb 1,159 steps to a colorful shrine above the sea. Shirahige Shrine. See the great torii floating in Lake Biwa. Taga Taisha. Cross the steep drum bridge and pray for longevity. Fushimi Inari Taisha. Climb through seemingly endless vermillion torii. Mikami Shrine. Pray for healthy hair at Japan's only hair shrine. Yasui Konpira-gu Shrine. Crawl through the wish-covered stone to cut bad ties. Kifune Shrine. Climb lantern-lined steps and float a water fortune. Shimogamo Shrine. Walk the ancient forest and visit zodiac shrines. Heian Jingu. Walk beneath the giant torii and through vermillion corridors. Seimei Shrine. Find pentagram symbols and the Seimei well. Otoyo Shrine. Meet the rare guardian mice and rabbits. Imamiya Shrine. Pray for a Cinderella story and taste of abekawamochi. Iwashimizu Hachimangu. Ride a cable car to the national treasure shrine. Sumiyoshi Taisha. Cross the steep red arch of Sorihashi Bridge. Namba Yasaka Shrine. Stand before the enormous open mouth of the lion hall. Hatori Tenjingu. Offer sandals to the deity of healthy feet. Tsuyu know Ohatsu Tenjin. Pray for love at the shrine of Ohatsu and Tokubei. Ise Jingu Naiku. Cross Uji Bridge and purify yourself in the Isuzu River. Futami Okitama Shrine. Watch sunrise between the sacred wedded rocks. Tsubaki Grand Shrine. Visit the wish-granting waterfall in our shrine. Hananioiwaya Shrine. Worship a 45-m sacred rock. Kasuga Taisha. See vermilion corridors and 3,000 lanterns. Omiwa Shrine. Worship Mount Miwa itself as the deity. Tanzan Shrine. See the 13-story pagoda amid autumn leaves. Kumano Hongu Taisha. Walk beneath the monumental torii at Yunohara. Kumano Hayatama Taisha. See vivid Kumano style halls and the ancient nagi tree. Kumano Nachi Taisha. See Nachi Falls beyond the three-story pagoda. Kibitsu Shrine. Walk the beautiful 400-m covered corridor. Kibitsuhiko Shrine. See midsummer sunrise align with the torii. Izumo Oyashiro. Look up at the gigantic shimenawa rope. Hinomisaki Shrine. See vermilion halls glow beside the Sea of Japan at sunset. Yagaki Shrine. Float a coin on fortune paper in the mirror pond. Oyumazumi Shrine. See a 2,600-year-old camphor tree in samurai armor. Kotohiragu. Climb 785 stone steps for a view over Sanuki. Osakiko Shrine. See the stone arch bridge and giant camphor tree. Akama Jingu. Pass through a gate resembling the dragon palace. Dazaifu Tenmangu. See plum blossoms in the planted roof temporary hall. Umihachiman Pray for safe childbirth among sacred trees. Yutoku Inari Shrine. Climb to the vermilion hall built high on a cliff. Kamishikimi Kumanoimasu Shrine. Walk a mossy lantern avenue to a wind hole in the rock. Amanoiwato Shrine. See thousands of stone stacks inside the sacred cave. Ejima Shrine Cross the Devil's washboard to a subtropical island shrine. Ikin Shrine Pray to the deity of eyesight for healthy eyes. Naminoue Shrine See the vermilion shrine perched above Okinawa's blue sea.